README.md, before:

# SDD engineer code generator

Generate SDD engineer passwords for functions such as CCF editing.

It only needs to know the `seed` and the `type` (Jaguar/Landrover) in order to generate the `password` for CCF editing. However it's advised to always provide `--vin` with `--seed` to ensure the seed matches the target vehicle to prevent incorrect passwords being generated.

If you don't provide a `VIN` it will output the last 6 digits of the `VIN` that it derives from the `seed` so you can double check it against the vehicle `VIN` to make sure it matches.

There maybe a security lockout by SDD or the ECU if you send it too many incorrect passwords - this is a presumption and has not been tested, don't blame me if you lockup your modules because you didn't check the `seed` matched the `VIN`.

## Arguments

| Argument | Description |
|:------|:------------|
|`-v` / `--vin <VIN>`|`VIN` of the target vehicle|
|`-s` / `--seed <seed>`|SDD seed of the target vehicle|
|`-g` / `--gen`|Generate a seed for the provided `VIN` - will override `--seed`. This option probably isn't very useful in real life, it's mostly used for testing this code|
|`-t` / `--type <JAG ¦ LR>`|Manually set vehicle type to Jaguar (`JAG`) or Landrover (`LR`) instead of trying work it out from the `VIN` (overrides `VIN` if `VIN` is provided)|
|`-o` / `--option <option>`|[SDD access option](#sdd-access-option), it will default to `CCF_EDITOR` if this isn't provided|

It's mandatory to provide at least one of these combinations:

`--seed` and `--vin`

`--seed` and `--type`

`--vin` and `--gen`

## SDD access option

| Brand | Option |
|:------|:------------|
|Jaguar| |
| |`X351_ODO_APP`|
| |`SOFTWARE_DOWNLOAD`|
| |`X250_ODO_APP`|
| |`CCF_EDITOR`|
| |`X150_ODO_APP`|
| |`VIN_BLOCK_EDITOR`|
| |`VIN_BYPASS`|
| |`X351_RECOVER_KEYS`|
|Landrover| |
| |`TAIWAN_VEHICLE_UPDATE`|
| |`L316_ODO_APP`|
| |`SOFTWARE_DOWNLOAD`|
| |`L322_ERASE_KEYS`|
| |`L322_RECOVER_KEYS`|
| |`L322_ODO_APP`|
| |`OPTION_8`|
| |`CCF_EDITOR`|

## Tested configurations

| Brand | Range | Model Year |
|:------|:-----|:------------|
|Jaguar|X250|2008|
|Jaguar|X250|2010|
|Jaguar|X150|2007|

Feedback about working with other VIN's would be useful

Commit message:

added JS version and basic web page that uses it

README.md, after:

# **SDD engineer code generator**

Generate SDD engineer passwords for functions such as CCF editing.

## **Javascript version**

Simply open sdd_key.html with your browser, just follow the onscreen instructions from there.  
**Javascript must not be blocked from being run by the browser.**

If you provide a full VIN it will autodetect the correct brand based on the VIN. If it doesn't recognise the brand from the VIN it will simply use whatever you have provided as the brand. However the option for Jaguar and Landrover use the same codes but they have different meanings so it will return a password using option code of the brand provided not the one it autodetected, which means it will be for a different option.

### Developer notes

If you want to use the JS outside of the web page 'scripts/sddPasswordCalculator.js' should do all the hard work for you. Simply call 'createSddEngineerCode(seed, vin, brand, accessOption)' and it should return an object with the following properties '{ error, password, brand, seedTime, seedVin }'. Valid option codes are defined in the 'JAGUAR_OPTIONS' & 'LANDROVER_OPTIONS' consts.

## **Python version**

It only needs to know the `seed` and the `type` (Jaguar/Landrover) in order to generate the `password` for CCF editing. However it's advised to always provide `--vin` with `--seed` to ensure the seed matches the target vehicle to prevent incorrect passwords being generated.

If you don't provide a `VIN` it will output the last 6 digits of the `VIN` that it derives from the `seed` so you can double check it against the vehicle `VIN` to make sure it matches.

There maybe a security lockout by SDD or the ECU if you send it too many incorrect passwords - this is a presumption and has not been tested, don't blame me if you lockup your modules because you didn't check the `seed` matched the `VIN`.

### Arguments

| Argument | Description |
|:------|:------------|
|`-v` / `--vin <VIN>`|`VIN` of the target vehicle|
|`-s` / `--seed <seed>`|SDD seed of the target vehicle|
|`-g` / `--gen`|Generate a seed for the provided `VIN` - will override `--seed`. This option probably isn't very useful in real life, it's mostly used for testing this code|
|`-t` / `--type <JAG ¦ LR>`|Manually set vehicle type to Jaguar (`JAG`) or Landrover (`LR`) instead of trying work it out from the `VIN` (overrides `VIN` if `VIN` is provided)|
|`-o` / `--option <option>`|[SDD access option](#sdd-access-option), it will default to `CCF_EDITOR` if this isn't provided|

It's mandatory to provide at least one of these combinations:

`--seed` and `--vin`

`--seed` and `--type`

`--vin` and `--gen`

### SDD access option

| Brand | Option |
|:------|:------------|
|Jaguar| |
| |`X351_ODO_APP`|
| |`SOFTWARE_DOWNLOAD`|
| |`X250_ODO_APP`|
| |`CCF_EDITOR`|
| |`X150_ODO_APP`|
| |`VIN_BLOCK_EDITOR`|
| |`VIN_BYPASS`|
| |`X351_RECOVER_KEYS`|
|Landrover| |
| |`TAIWAN_VEHICLE_UPDATE`|
| |`L316_ODO_APP`|
| |`SOFTWARE_DOWNLOAD`|
| |`L322_ERASE_KEYS`|
| |`L322_RECOVER_KEYS`|
| |`L322_ODO_APP`|
| |`OPTION_8`|
| |`CCF_EDITOR`|

# Tested configurations

| Brand | Range | Model Year |
|:------|:-----|:------------|
|Jaguar|X250|2008|
|Jaguar|X250|2010|
|Jaguar|X150|2007|

Feedback about working with other VIN's would be useful
